Configure the Jaeger data source with provisioning (#32620)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/jaeger.md

## Linking Trace ID from logs

You can link to Jaeger trace from logs in Loki by configuring a derived field with internal link. See the [Derived fields]({{< relref "loki.md#derived-fields" >}}) section in the [Loki data source]({{< relref "loki.md" >}}) documentation for details.

## Configure the data source with provisioning

> You can set up the data source via config files with Grafana’s provisioning system. You can read more about how it works and all the settings you can set for data sources on the [provisioning docs page]({{< relref "../administration/provisioning/#datasources" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up the data source via configuration files with Grafana’s provisioning system. Refer to [provisioning docs page]({{< relref "../administration/provisioning/#datasources" >}}) for information on various settings and how it works.
```
